Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
All right,
who's ready to duel?
What's up,
Coach Y?
Wait, what are you
doing here?
He came to meet you
for his first lesson.
It's rude to keep your
students waiting, Yuya.
But he's not...
Whoa!
Yuya, I'm proud you chose to
enter‐train your first pup‐‐
Listen to me!
He's not my student!
Come on!
Let's get to it!
I wanna learn
how to Pendulum Summon
from the best
of the best.
Let's duel...
pretty please?
This one time only.
Whoo‐hoo!
But listen!
You have to promise
if I win
you'll stop following
me around everywhere.
And you won't ask me
to teach you or call me coach.
Agreed?
The action begins...
Now!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale.
(roaring)
Then I'll use a spell.
It's a card called
Polymeri‐something‐or‐other.
You mean
Polymerization?
Fusion Summon!
Here it comes.
The most unbearable monster
you've ever seen...
Frightfur Bear!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Sora)
This field sure is sweet Yuya,
but not as sweet as
my victory's going to taste.
(Yuya)
We'll see about that, Sora,
'cause with my monsters
ready to perform,
you're gonna end up
leaving this duel
with a bad taste
in your mouth.
Not a chance!
Your monsters are gonna
get cut down to size
by my Frightfur Bear.
That kid's a cutie
on the outside,
but on the inside
he's all fight,
plus he knows the secret to
an incredible form of summoning.
Yeah, he can...
(both)
Fusion Summon!
Word around town
is that the Leo Institute
has begun teaching
that form.
Is Sora already enrolled
and taking classes there?
He was planning
to go there,
but he saw Yuya duel
and changed his mind.
(Sora)
Now I can really
take it to you, Coach Y!
My first goal will be
to slow you down
by giving your
Hippo the heave‐ho!
Frightfur Bear, send Yuya
and his pal packing
with your
Pummeling Paw.
Ahh!
Yuya!
Call a lifeguard!
(chuckling)
(coughing)
Next I'm activating Frightfur
Bear's special ability.
My Bear can
equip itself
with whatever monster
it just destroyed.
How's that work?
We'll show you.
Hip Hippo!
Don't feel bad 'cause my
Frightfur Bear
will put its
attack points to good use.
Down the hatch!
Your hippo really
hit the spot.
Its added attack power will help
my monster bear down on you
with grizzly force.
(roaring)
Whoa!
That's one big bear.
With the attack points
to match.
That thing
is powerful enough
to blast Yuya's Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon
right out of the duel.
And once it destroys Odd‐Eyes,
it'll get even grizzlier!
Who would've thought a toy bear
could be so unbearable?
So, Coach Y, I know
I have a lot to learn,
but what do you think of
my dueling so far?
I'll let you
take over.
Don't take it
easy on me.
I won't!
Your monster's a lot more
dangerous than I thought,
but my deck packs
a punch too, Sora.
We have friends
that will help us
knock the stuffing out of that
Bear, don't we, Odd‐Eyes?
Performapal Sword Fish
will prove it
with its special ability.
Once every turn, it can
cut your monster down to size
by 600 attack points!
Yuya's move pulled
the stuffing out of that bear
and shrank it down
at the same time!
Now he has to attack
while it is weak.
Listen, Odd‐Eyes,
if we wanna beat
that Frightfur Bear
then we'll have to
stay sharp.
Ha! I'm ready
for your attack.
I play my trap
Punch‐in‐the‐Box,
which sends one of your
monsters that didn't attack
to the graveyard.
Then Odd‐Eyes loses
attack points
equal to that monster's
attack or defense points,
plus your
attack's negated!
Nice try!
But my Timegazer Magician
can trump your trap
with his Pendulum
ability.
Timegazer has mastered
the deepest secrets
of space and time.
Its power can protect me from
the past and rewrite history.
Infinity Gear Reverse!
Fantastic!
Pendulum power is so amazing,
it even controls time.
That ability
would come in super handy
if you went to school and then
realized too late
that you'd forgotten
to bring your homework to class.
I can't wait to see
what you come up with
to stop my other
trap card.
Uhh!
Okay, let's see what we
can spring on you next.
It's another
Punch‐in‐the‐Box trap card.
Seriously? The same trap
twice in a row?
I don't know
how Sora guessed,
but somehow he knew Yuya would
try to undo his trap,
so he put
another one facedown.
Timegazer can only use his
ability once a turn,
so he's helpless
to stop it this time.
That kid sure is
slippery.
Gotta send a card to the
graveyard now.
Guess I'll send
Skeeter Skimmer.
Now I can negate
Odd‐Eyes' attack.
Plus I can draw on Skeeter
Skimmer's defense points
to weaken your Dragon
by that amount.
Odd‐Eyes will lose
1600 attack points.
Better luck
next time!
I'm switching my Sword Fish
into defense mode.
You made up your mind to play it
safe, didn't you Coach Y?
Bummerville‐‐ I thought this
duel would be a blast,
but it's turned
into a dud.
If I didn't
know any better,
I'd say you were
scared of losing to me.
I'm ending my turn, but that
doesn't mean I'm scared of you.
You should be, since Frightfur
Bear's attack points
can rise back to where they were
before Sword Fish weakened it.
This could be
game over for Yuya.
My turn again.
It's time for
my big finish.
Bring on
the Toy Parade.
This spell is
spectacular!
It's going to help me
march towards victory,
because for every monster that
Frightfur Bear has equipped,
it's allowed to
use its Pulverizing Paw
and attack one time.
You're kidding!
Whoa, back up!
How many times
can he attack?
Right now, Sora's Frightfur Bear
is allowed to attack one time
since it gulped
down my Hip Hippo.
But you and I know it's not
gonna stop there, will it, Sora?
Of course it won't.
I'll keep on
attacking.
That's so freaky!
When Frightfur Bear
destroys a monster,
it can feast
on it and attack again.
Then it can chomp on another
monster and equip that, too.
Which will then mean Sora
gets a third attack.
And since Yuya won't have any
more monsters left on his field
to absorb the damage...
I'll attack him directly
and then win the duel!
Fusion Monsters are going to
revolutionize dueling.
So, will Yuya lose?
I wouldn't count him
out yet, Allie.
Yuya can be
pretty resourceful.
Now, let's see.
Guess I'll start by knocking
your Odd‐Eyes out of the duel.
(thinking)
If I don't think of
something fast,
Sora and that Bear are gonna
wipe out my whole field
and then
come after me.
There's not much time.
If I let him
knock out Odd‐Eyes
things will spiral
out of control.
I have to rescue
Odd‐Eyes now
or my monsters and
I are all going down.
I only have
one chance.
Hey, I know
what you're up to.
Pick up the pace,
Odd‐Eyes!
(gasping)
Yeah!
Oh, no!
(gasping)
(both)
No way!
Wow, what agility!
That little acrobat must have
springs in his legs.
You'll have to be
a lot quicker than that
if you wanna snag an
Action Card before I do.
That's why I took out
Hip Hippo first,
because I knew it
would slow you down.
You had this all planned out
from the start, didn't you?
You wouldn't want me
to make it easy for you,
would you, Coach Y?
Hope not 'cause my Frightfur
Bear's about to track down
and destroy
your Odd‐Eyes.
(growling)
No, it won't.
I activate a trap‐‐
Command Performance.
Whenever there's
a Performapal on my field,
this card switches your
monster into defense mode.
This is the perfect time
to use an Action Card.
I'm activating
my spell, Candy Coat.
Thanks to the sweet power
of this spell,
my Bear is protected
from any trap
or spell effects
for this turn.
And it shades my Bear
from being destroyed.
It's lucky I grabbed
this card first.
If I hadn't, you could've used
it to save your Odd‐Eyes
and foil my strategy.
So close!
Oh, well, Frightfur Bear,
finish your attack.
Uh‐oh!
I've lost Odd‐Eyes.
His Dragon's gone?
(crying)
I'm sorry, Odd‐Eyes, I tried
to save you, but I failed.
Cheer up!
It's not over yet!
You still have a few
life points left, Coach Y.
Yes, but they won't
be enough.
None of us likes
getting beaten, of course,
but Yuya will just have to
find a way to deal with it.
That's not why
he's upset.
Don't you understand
that Yuya feels a
special bond with Odd‐Eyes?
That dragon stands for
everything he loves
about Pendulum cards.
I can tell Yuya's really
not taking this well.
Come on, Yuya!
You got to stand up
and take center stage!
Yuya.
Coach Y knows that there's
nothing he can do
to stop me now.
My Bear's gonna keep using his
own monsters against him.
Go ahead,
Frightfur Bear,
equip yourself with Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon.
(crying)
Where could it be?
Something wrong, Yuya?
Dad! I lost my necklace
and I can't find it anywhere.
I see, well, I'd be upset too,
but, in a situation like this,
hanging your head and crying
isn't the answer.
Hey, listen to me, Yuya.
If you really want to
find what you've lost,
then you've got to
hold your head up.
Stay positive and good
things will happen.
It's hopeless!
Come on,
give it a try.
Dad, look!
See, it worked,
didn't it, Yuya?
I haven't
forgotten, Dad.
"Stay positive and
good things will happen."
(laughing)
(thinking)
Dad knew what he was
talking about.
If I just worry about
what I lost,
I'll miss the fun
that's right in front of me.
I have to hold my head high and
enjoy the ride while it lasts.
No matter how
things turn out,
at least I'll have a good time,
and so will my fans.
What's going on?
My extra deck!
I'm sure I didn't have
any cards there before,
but then why's
the tab flashing?
Only one way
to find out.
(Yuya)
You can search all you want,
but your Bear's gonna keep
coming up empty‐handed!
Huh?
Why's that?
Where did your Odd‐Eyes
disappear to?
When Odd‐Eyes
was destroyed,
it didn't end up
in the graveyard.
It's with me,
here in my extra deck!
(gasping)
In your extra deck?
Well, that's some
bad news for me.
(chuckling)
(laughing)
Huh?
Awesome!
That's so cool, coach.
So, a destroyed
Pendulum monster,
instead of going
to the graveyard,
ends up in
your extra deck?
I never would've
guessed that.
Pendulum monsters
are totally amazing!
Since Odd‐Eyes isn't
in the graveyard,
I can't equip it to my bear,
which means it can't attack.
You stopped me!
Turn over.
Coach Y,
it's your move.
Please make it
a fun one!
All right!
Then brace yourself for a battle
that's gonna blow you away.
Great, I couldn't have
drawn a better card.
Attention!
I'd like to present
my two Magicians,
Stargazer and Timegazer.
Before your very eyes, I'll use
them to set the Pendulum Scale.
Presto!
I can now
summon monsters
from level two through level
seven all at the same time.
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory.
Pendulum Summon!
And now, I'd like to
introduce a Pendulum monster
who you never
met before.
Performapal Cheer Mole!
But wait,
that's not all!
I'm also bringing back
a crowd fave,
my Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon.
(roaring)
Ahh!
I just knew Yuya would figure
out a way for his Odd‐Eyes
to get in
the spotlight again.
So, no matter how many times
Yuya's opponents destroy it,
Odd‐Eyes won't be sent
to the graveyard.
And Yuya can summon it back
over and over and over again.
Pendulum Power!
It's got me more
excited than ever!
I'm totally fired up!
Odd‐Eyes is set, and so is
our supporting cast.
And now, friends,
without further ado,
let's get on
with the duel.
(roaring)
Our lead act is
Performapal Sword Fish,
who will show off
its ability
by slashing the attack points
of your Frightfur Bear by 600!
Guys! Can you help me out
with some basic arithmetic?
3,000 minus 600.
(all)
2400.
Odd‐Eyes is now a hundred points
stronger than Frightfur Bear.
It can send that Bear
back to the toy store.
That's correct!
My Punch‐in‐the‐Box trap
is still on the field,
but Timegazer could
just negate it again,
so I can't use it
to stop you.
No matter what I try, Frightfur
Bear will lose the battle.
Correct again.
Hold on!
If you destroy
Frightfur Bear,
I'll still only take
a hundred points of damage.
That's not enough to
knock me out of the duel.
With my "Mole Move,"
it will be.
Huh?
And now,
Performapal Cheer Mole
will perform her
special ability.
Oh, come on,
it's no time to be shy.
I got spirit,
yes I do.
how 'bout you?
How cute!
Cheer Mole strengthens
Sword Fish's special ability
so that instead of Sword Fish
lowering Frightfur Bear's
attack points by 600,
it lowers it by 1600.
Ahh!
You wanted this to be fun,
so how do you like this?
Since Frightfur Bear
is level five or higher,
Odd‐Eyes can use
its special ability
to double the damage
you take.
Now, the grand finale!
So, get ready.
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
get set to strike and make this
the most sensational
finish ever.
(roaring)
Spiral Flame Strike!
That's a wrap!
(Yuya)
Spiral Flame Strike!
That's a wrap!
And it's over!
That was the funnest
duel ever!
Oh, yeah!
Huh?
Hmm...
Sora, I think you may be
the most clever opponent
I've ever faced.
It's clear you don't need
any coaching from me‐‐
What a blast!
That duel
totally rocked!
Thank you, Yuya!
Huh?
Yuya? You're not
calling me "coach" anymore?
Well, you don't want me
to be your student.
So, instead, I'll become
your best friend.
And of course,
that means
we'll be hanging
together all the time.
Look, you're not
my best‐‐
Great duel, guys!
Since Sora here
is your best bud,
I'm gonna discount
his tuition.
You are enrolling in the
You Show School, aren't you?
You bet!
After today's duel,
I wouldn't sign up at the
Leo Institute for anything.
Yes!
Another new student,
which means maybe
I can pay this
month's electric bill.
I'll go get your
signup forms!
I don't get it.
If you never studied
at the Leo Institute,
then where did you learn
to Fusion Summon?
Where I come from, Fusion
Summoning is really common.
Everybody uses it.
Wait, you're not
from here?
So, then, like,
where did you grow up?
Oh, I'm too hungry to
talk about it right now.
Let's go to your house for
dinner, okay, pal?
To my house?
Look, I'm not sure this whole
friendship thing is a good idea.
And afterwards,
wanna watch a movie?
Go away!
Or maybe
instead of a movie,
we can go to the mall
or play a video game.
I have a great
game for you‐‐
it's called
leave me alone!
♪